this recipe for three different burgers
is guaranteed to please a variety of
taste buds chicken teriyaki barbecue
beef and herbed lamb sliders for a
chicken teriyaki slider to 1 pound of
ground chicken add 2 tablespoons of soy
sauce 1 tablespoon of seasoned rice
vinegar
a teaspoon of grated fresh ginger and a
teaspoon of sesame oil and season with
salt for a beef barbecue slider 2 1
pound of ground beef add 2 tablespoons
of chili sauce 1 tablespoon of light
molasses 2 teaspoons of hot pepper sauce
2 teaspoons of Bush to share sauce and a
quarter teaspoon of salt and for an
herbed lamb slider to 1 pound of ground
lamb add 2 tablespoons of finely chopped
fresh dill or oregano a tablespoon of
fresh mint a generous squeeze of fresh
lemon juice 1 teaspoon of ground cumin
a large pinch of cayenne pepper and
seasoned with salt
shape the mixture into two inch by one
inch thick patties and cook for about
six minutes on a grill over medium heat
or to your desired doneness
serve them on warmed buns with tzatziki
on the lamb burger place in on the
chicken burger and chili sauce with the
barbecued beef chicken teriyaki barbecue
beef and herbed lamb sliders bet you can
have just one for more delicious
barbecue recipes for your picnic table
visit summer kitchen TV